Most orioles have feathers. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
American robins inhabit woodlands. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Doctors recognize symptoms. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Corn snakes feed on small mammals and birds. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some proteins carry oxygen. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some pesticides accumulate in the fat of animals and humans. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Talismans are amulets or other decorations containing small passages of scripture. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Beagles have (part) piluses. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Hawks has-part eyes. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Ancient astronomers possess ability. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Contrast applies to size, color, positioning, and typography. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Laser beams are easily visible in space. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Amnesia prevents memories of a trauma from entering the survivor's consciousness. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Cockroaches are extremely fast at reacting to the wind created by any external force. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Ozone is virucidal, germicidal, bactericidal, and fungicidal. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Mammoths are located in glacial ice. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Coots have ability. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Most geologists develop intuitive senses. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Sex addicts can experience withdrawal, which can cause painful emotional and even physical distress. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Actors perform characters. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Seminal fluid contains arginine. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Plants require potassium for vigor and strength. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Female pinworms move to the anal area to lay their eggs, which often results in anal itching. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Carnivores eat infect animals. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Vitamin P strengthens the vascular system. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Fatal crashes involve cars. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Beetles come in a huge variety of size, shape and color. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Biennial weeds live during two growing seasons and reproduce only by seed. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Soybeans contain isoflavones, a group of compounds that have a cholesterol-lowering effect. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Natural birth is the product of human love. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Serial killers are murderers. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Professors have (part) cell membranes. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Magnesium chloride is a great intermediate solution to reducing dust on low volume roads. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Weeds provide food and shelter for many animals. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Fungi are nonmotile, filamentous eukaryotes which lack plastids and photosynthetic pigments. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Most marine birds have salt glands. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Most small intestines become intestines. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Nucleotides have several carbons. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Stables have (part) windows. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Mites burrow into the stratum corneum of the skin, depositing faeces as they burrow. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A plat is a map The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some antelopes occur in large numbers. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A court is an assembly The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Dyes are sensitive to pH and temperatures when being applied. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Bandicoots are vocal animals. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Creativity is the ability to create. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Birds also turn their eggs with their beaks during incubation. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some dogs are sighthounds, others scenthounds. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Organic matter can consist of compost, well-rotted manure, or peatmoss. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Most food contains red dye. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Fragmentation isa division. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Complex carbohydrates have sugar. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Digoxin is a medication used frequently for patients with heart problems. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Most twigs fall from trees. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Oxygenate air fills sacs. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A nettle is a weed The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Chameleon isa lizard. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Products require conclusions. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some caterpillars seek shelter. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Most fungi are saprotrophs,which decompose dead organic matter. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Wood storks make their nests in the tops of tall trees, and they live in colonies. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Oscillate charge loses energy. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Materialism is a branch of philosophy based on tangible, and observable phenomena. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A phytotherapy is therapy The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Solid chocolate is a major source of copper and magnesium. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Ringtails have (part) corpi. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Cowards have (part) cells. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Anhydrous ammonia is stored and transported in the liquid form in pressurized containers. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some enzymes break down food. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Dining rooms are used for family meals. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some compounds increase acidity. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Vaccinations are blood products and hazardous to our immune system. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Students to apply academic knowledge. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Enzymes are usually small relative to their substrates. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Most parakeets have metabolism. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Glands have excretory functions. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Tobacco can also become cross pollinated by wind although at a much lesser degree than by insects. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Ice is less dense than water, therefore it floats. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Different biochemical pathways serve different functions. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Day length determines flowering, bulb initiation, and maturation in certain crops. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Medicine defines health as non-disease, and cure, as disease elimination. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Diets cause excessive excretion. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Monkeys live in groups in the wild. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Technetium is placed between manganese and rhenium on the periodic table. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Gold is mixed with various other metals, in various percentages. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Conventional antifreeze provides excellent corrosion protection. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Many young children develop a fear of bugs during the toddler and preschool years. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Leaves are the site of the food making process called photosynthesis. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Bees feel vibration. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Antibiotics fight diseases that are caused by bacteria. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Black soot is the product of the incomplete combustion of carbon-containing fuels. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Oil is located in car engines. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Scarlet macaws are macaws. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Most hawks kill chickens. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Asteroids have arms that are connected to each other. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Gallium expands as it freezes like water. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Yellow flowers appear in summer. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A long underwear is a garment The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Waves stimulate growth. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Squirrels play in brushes. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Aerators are hardy, floating plants. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Prayer is the expression of the soul. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Photosynthesis slows and production of chlorophyll diminishes. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Magnetic fields control both the location and power density of the plasma. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Digital photography begins with capturing images in a digital format. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
An osteoma is a tumor The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Blood alcohol is measured in terms of weight of alcohol compared to volume of blood. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Higher education refers to courses that are higher than 'A' level. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Hurricanes represent a transfer of energy from warm tropical waters to temperate zones. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Viruses cause things like the common cold, coughs and sore throats. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Students join teams. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Diets lead to liver diseases. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Ladybugs have (part) cells. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Children are capable of state names. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some tiny insects resemble moths. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Storks capture prey. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Eggs are magazines. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Organophosphate dips are toxic to humans. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Net force is the amount of force that is making the object change direction or motion. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Carbon is sequestered in trees, and also in the soil. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Regions contain elements. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A malcontent is a person The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Rocks are located in rock gardens. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Love is a physical sensation. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Abdomens have appendages. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Evil is the outcome of a choice against the order of being . The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Alderflies have one branched tail filament extending straight back. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Tripoli is a grease-based compound that comes in cake form and contains a microscopic abrasive. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some substances emit radiation. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Smoking constricts blood vessels. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Emotional disturbances are frequent in persons who view their obesity as a lack of self-discipline. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Arrow worms are important predators using their bristle like jaws to catch their prey. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Substances contain organisms. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Vegetation is an important factor in soil formation . The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some bats eat fleshy seeds. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Ischemic stroke is caused by a clot or arterial disease blocking blood flow to the brain. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Autism is a chronic developmental disorder. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Red tides are caused by toxic dinoflagellate blooms. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Reporters have (part) corpi. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Bridges have minimal impact. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Insects use respiration. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Many examples support exclusion principles. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Different enzymes are specific for fatty acids of different chain length. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Stress hormones can alter the glucose levels directly. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Heads have flow capacity. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Computer users are located in houses. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Malayan sun bears have fur. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Progesterone deficiency is also a concern in men, because of xenoestrogens. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Coin isa coinage. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Engines burn fossil fuel. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Most yaks have body length. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Ozone is very soluble in water. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Homeopaths often recommend natural diets, eliminating any type of processed food. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Light is different from darkness. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Books have (part) word order. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Corruption is a transnational phenomenon. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Features help different environments. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Mosquitoes live four to eight weeks. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Most coyotes eat birds. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Coop isa building. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Average people find interest. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Opossums have mechanisms. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Cows reduce productivity. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Thalassaemia major is a severe form of anemia. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Squash isa game. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Avalanches happen on mountains with extreme amounts of slow fall and build-up. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some crystalline ice mixes with organic compounds. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Pepper has flavour. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some cones produce spores. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Many bugs can fly. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Turtles use their jaws to cut and chew food . The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A microscope is a scientific instrument The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Innate behaviors are inherited through genes. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Saddle soap is soap The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Serotonin modulates voltage-activated calcium currents in Necturus taste receptor cells. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Cirques are amphitheater-like basins carved by cirque glaciers. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some big ears detect insect prey. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Herbal steam allows the pores to open, freeing the oil ducts and hair follicles of impurities. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Health care is attention The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Indulgence is one of the most insidious forms of child abuse known to man. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Products may have adverse effects. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
People desire raises. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some wingless ants can perform a controlled glide when free falling. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Biochemistry is the study of the structures and chemical reactions found in living systems. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Goslings live with their parents until about a year, when they mate. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Most female crabs attain full growth and mate only once, during their second summer. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Stables have (part) doorknobs. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Decimal points are mathematical notation. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Circumcision is an operation where the fold of skin around the top of the penis is cut. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Human subjects are capable of lying awake in bed during the first night of sleep deprivation. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Hawks eat owls. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Dolphins also collide forcefully with one another as they flee about. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Deer are most social during winter- when food is scarce. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Trash containers are located in restaurants. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Horses are also susceptible to laminitis , a disease of the lamina of the hoof . The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some squirrels have blood. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Many other pests cause crop damage. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some apes eat leaves. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Zinc reduces joint swelling, pain and stiffness. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Most snapdragons have roots. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Water is used by livestock and poultry for drinking and cleansing. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Trees provide resources. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Speakers have (part) cells. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Cells are the smallest parts of our bodies that are complete living units. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Irrational numbers are nonrational numbers represented by points on the number line. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Conduction allows heat to spread from one solid object to another as long as the parts are touching. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Good sanitation is important for preventing mastitis in goats in milk. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Arteriosclerosis is characterized, in part, by a build-up of calcium in the arteries of the heart. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Fungi make up the largest amount of living material after plant roots. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Witchcraft is part of African traditional medicine and has to do with evil spirit. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Many different leaf rusts damage grasses. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Russian boars have broad heads, sloping shoulders and tusks. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Hydroelectric generation uses moving water to generate electricity without creating pollutants. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Heads are part of hammers. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Vitamins are essential for health and growth of a living organism. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Yeast infections are very common in babies. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Masters have (part) nuclei. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Potters have (part) material bodies. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Cargo has (part) sections. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some ectotherms gain heat energy. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Water is the medium by which pollutants are transported and taken up by estuarine species. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Mockery is communicating. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Mammals are very intelligent , with complex behaviors, and often live in packs. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Raccoons search for food. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Armored scales differ from soft scales in several ways. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Monkeys are funnies. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Language is the vehicle that transmits information, emotion, and ideas between people. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Spiders catch their unsuspecting prey with their sticky webs. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Carriers are organisms. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Walls have (part) doors. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Banks have advantage. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Cholesterol is found only in foods of animal origin. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Mugs are dishs. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Personality Explains thoughts and feelings, behavior, and the unconscious mind. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Crocodiles feed on live prey. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Bones can cause intestinal impactions. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Systemic insecticides are usually effective as are malathion and diazinon. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Databases contain information. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Msx genes encode homeodomain proteins that bind DNA and regulate transcription. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Nurse specialists work in fields. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Hangers have (part) body substances. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Money is used everyday to buy things such as food, clothes, etc. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Liquids expand and contract with temperature. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Turtles are the oldest living members of the reptilian class. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Colorectal cancer is the third most common malignant neoplasm worldwide. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Postcard is cards. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A cud is feed The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Glands secrete thyroid hormones. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Permanent injuries cause a permanent loss of earnings or earning capacity. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Electric power is power The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Epidermal cells are skin cells. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Rain is fallings. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Baby tapirs have coats. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Ice crystals grow on all parts of the crystal. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Zebras are a common grazer of the African savanna. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Yellow fever is found in jungle areas, especially in South America. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some babies do chew on their cribs, and ingesting lead can cause brain damage. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Conditions affect mortality. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Different isotopes have different mass numbers. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Tundras are located at very high elevations and are near the poles. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Suicide is the leading cause of death for gay and lesbian youth. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Successful treatments reduce symptoms. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Most foxes hide in dens. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Cartesian dualism is, of course, traditionally associated with the view that animals lack minds. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some snails produce fluid. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Plasma gases are normally argon. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
New technology has phases. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Women carry multiple fetuses. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some panther chameleons reach sexual maturity. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Adders have (part) vacuoles. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Shop stewards are union representatives. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Elderly asthmatics tend to be former smokers or have a history of allergic disease. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Patterns have direct effects. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Undigested food stays in the intestines and becomes feed for bacteria and other parasites. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Bully isa attacker. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Blue whales weigh metric tons. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Birthplace isa place. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Marketing occurs when people decide to satisfy their needs and wants through exchange. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Dispersion causes a mixing zone between adjacent fluids due to diffusion and mechanical dispersion. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Natural product is a mixture of alpha, beta and gamma forms. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Potassium is very important to chemical reactions inside cells. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Color depends on genetic factors. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
An ore processing is an extraction The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some diets contain chromium. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Japanese honeysuckle is edible and medicinal. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Texture is determined by the size and amount of particles of which it is composed. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Sound is generated by animals. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Beekeepers are able to move colonies, but AHBs abscond when nectar is in short supply. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Health care is a service industry. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Dogs have a good sense of smell. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Achievement is a process of continual learning and improvement. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Restaurant meals contain sodium. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Organisms perceive the environment and react to it. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Diatoms are unicellular, eucariotic, photoautotrophic microorganisms like algae. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Pulse isa happening. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Marigolds have (part) plasma membranes. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Heating can release vapors that can be ignited. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Adrenaline is a hormone The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Bacteria possess various morphologies including coccus, bacillus, coccobacillus, and other shapes. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Sunflowers are very susceptible to sclerotinia as are canola and beans. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Tertiary prevention is the treatment of infected children to reduce or avoid symptoms. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Men have friends. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Snakes have similar patterns. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Most mollusks live in environments. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Capital is wealth that is used in production, or wealth that is in the course of exchange. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Breathing disorders are responsible for one in seven deaths in the United States. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Empties cause empties. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A telekinesis is a psychic phenomenon The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Scoliosis tends to run in families, and it affects many more girls than boys. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Squirrels live in trees. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Telecommunication is mediums. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Compost heaps are piles. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Deer boars rely on presence. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Birds have knees. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A romaine is lettuce The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Sunshine is located in summer. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Gratings have (part) sections. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Nutrients pass through intestines. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Care has impact. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some tropical trees have annual dry seasons. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
States occur at temperature. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Whales maintain energy. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Sexual harassment is a derivative of sexual repression. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Sulfur dioxide is very corrosive to stone, paint, and metals. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
American goldfinches feed on nodding thistle seedheads. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some proteins find in raccoon saliva. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Factors influence nest survival. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Truffles reproduce asexually , with a male and female spore. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Secondary syphilis is syphilis. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Starlings cause other agricultural damage by eating cultivated fruits such as grapes and cherries. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Sexual harassment includes any behavior that is sexual in nature and unwanted by the other student. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Digital identity is the representation of identity in terms of digital information. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Salmonella is dead when the yolk turns solid. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some bivalves can swim, albeit weakly, when removed from the sediment, as can some file shells. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Street names are cants. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Spring brings the release of pollens and many seasonal irritants. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Corals can reproduce either sexually or asexually. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Shire isa territory. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Most iguanas have long tails. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Eliminators are agents. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Scientists perform successful experiments. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
County sheriffs are public officials. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
An alveolus is a sac The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Cleft lips are birth defects. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Experimental pain causes similar changes in muscle activity in man and animals. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
State attorneys are prosecutors. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Water helps rid the body of waste and can relieve constipation. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Dolphins have diets. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Osteoporosis is a weakening of bone density. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Golden hamsters are domestic pets. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Wild rats live in colonies. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Magnesium carbonate is inorganic compounds. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Unicellular algas find in water. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Blue whales are warm-blooded mammals. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Waterfowl isa bird. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Child support is money paid by one parent to the other for support of the minor children. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Warm weather can cause beets to form hairy side roots. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Different plants harbor different populations of insect pests. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Black bears have short, curved claws better suited to climbing trees than digging. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
High surf occurs during winter months. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Procrastination is a common human trait that can be disastrous. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Environmental conditions promote development. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Necklaces are part of treasure. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Lemons are a natural detoxifier. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Gasoline is refined from oil. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Mirage is illusion. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Dental schools use tests. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some poisonous venom affects humans. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Absorbed toxin can lead to intravascular hemolysis, thrombocytopenia, and liver damage. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Trees grow in natural environments. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Majors are students. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Power plant workers must have experience. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Most pups have brown fur. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Performers are located in operas. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Food promotes good nutrition. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Automata have (part) cells. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Peacocks have (part) sections. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Eye color is the same in both sexes. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Environmental psychology is a fundamentally research-oriented discipline. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Spadefoots are frogs. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Power is the ability to make people be obedient or become so. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Electrical energy is converted into light energy in the headlights. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Endometriosis is the leading cause of female infertility. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some green algae is found in snow, soil, on tree trunks and in symbiosis with other organisms. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
All gorillas walk are knuckle-walking meaning that they walk on their knuckles other than hands. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Ecology is the science of the relationship among organisms and their environment. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Breasts are part of turkeys. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Hares are strictly vegetarian. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Unusual characteristics attract attention. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Petrification is fossilisation The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Termites have long lifespans. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Nodal planes are flat and extend infinitely in two dimensions. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Electricity is essential to supporting human life in space. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Mangos contain numerous compounds. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
ABA is an is a terpenoid and contains three isoprene units. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Ducks return to environments. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Hemp fiber is used for textiles, rope, and paper. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Moisture causes dampness. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Paper plates are located in stores. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Indianmeal moths are sexually mature and capable of mating immediately after they emerge from pupae. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Most hormones involve in development. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Condors only flap their wings during flight to gain or maintain speed or altitude. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Insect bites are also a form of injury that can sometimes promote localized hair growth. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Tendency isa attitude. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Scleral depression fails to collapse the inner retinal layer. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Cerebral edema is the complication that every doctor looking after children with diabetes fears. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Bats leave hibernation sites. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Life is form in time. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Orangutans are native apes from Indonesia. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Farmers have operations. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
All shrews are comparatively small, most no larger than a mouse. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Raves are big parties held in remote areas where teens stay up all night dancing to techno music. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
People desire acknowledgement. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Corrosive oxidizers can also attack and destroy metal. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Cockroaches live in dark, moist and warm places, such as gutters and drains. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
American beechs are beechs. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Dancing  trips. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Insects respond to environmental changes in ways that mitigate or exacerbate change. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some species also hunt small prey, such as insects, lizards, smaller birds and rodents. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Babies get teeth. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Guns are located in schools. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Onions contain an enzyme that break down the prostaglandin's that form in response to a sting. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Clocks are located in tables. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Plants have healthy foliage and are disease resistant. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Kids get ideas. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Dairies have (part) ceilings. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Parasites affect billions of people worldwide of all races and demographic regions. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Actions have cost. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Radon enters the body through the respiratory system, and particles embed in the lungs. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Resource recovery is the protection of the resources. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some birds possess microbes. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Heart disease is caused by narrowing of the coronary arteries that feed the heart. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Chemists analyze reactions to determine the properties of matter. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A vocal fold is a structure The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Light is waves. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Apaches are weapons. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Decrease is physical events. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Sparrows have (part) ears. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Hypersomnia is excessive sleepiness. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Seawater is salt water. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some penguins live in oceans. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Women have urinary excretion. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Mules are always sterile because horses and donkeys have different chromosome numbers. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Vessels collect fluid. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Tadpoles have (part) cell membranes. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Nickel alloys are corrosion resistant in many environments, especially alkaline rich situations. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Powdery mildew is most common in dense, shady areas where the air circulation is poor. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Larvae develop mouths. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Smoke detectors are sensitive to dust as well as smoke. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Most mango trees grow from seeds. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Teaching assistants are workers. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Pygmy shrews are distributed throughout the boreal areas of North America. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Insects have rapid growth. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Developmental Psychologists attempt to understand humanity in the context of the human life cycle. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Many deaf people use sign language to receive information and communicate. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Many organisms have protective spines, shells, or other defensive structures. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Reporters are writers. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Lioness isa lion. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Offspring have problems. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Doctors are scholars. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Badgers eat vegetables. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some drugs work better when absorbed through the skin than when taken as pills. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Dishes contain seafood. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Estrogen increases stress hormones, including adrenaline, noradrenaline, and serotonin. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Male hippopotamuses weigh pounds. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Buzzards are carrion eaters which means that they live on dead animals. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some crabs are located in aquaria. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Plants are remarkably different from animals, fungi and microbes. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Pleasure is a way of using the body to evade the obligations that go with having a soul. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Astronomers have different ideas. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Some gray squirrels stay in dens. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Mammals have forelimbs. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Habitats have impact. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Common rust is caused by the fungus Puccinia sorghi. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Hard wheat is wheat The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A tetrachloroethylene is medicine The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Monks are bands. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Plants grow as vines. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Spontaneous reactions occur when the free energy of the system decreases. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A repairman is a fixer The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Fuses are electrical components. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Active sites are the clefts or crevices to which the substrate binds. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Fish live in environments. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Rape is forcible and nonconsentual vaginal intercourse. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
All spiders are predators, feeding mostly on insects. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Viruses are simple structures. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Handguns are used for self defense. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Raccoons are expert climbers. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Men use techniques. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
National socialism is a fascism The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Cops have (part) nuclei. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Convergence is physical events. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Hirsutism usually begins around puberty, but mild hirsutism can start at any age. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Analyses indicate body weight conditions. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Fat supplements are a more concentrated source of calories, allowing less grain, more hay. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Pheromones are chemical substances, produced by insects, that influence their behavior. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Grandpas have (part) cell membranes. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Cayenne has (part) xylem. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Industries have potential. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
Breathing takes place by lungs changing size. The previous sentence is more likely to be true in which country, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.