If a person gets back to the gym, he wants to stay in shape. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person cooks a nice meal, he will feel satisfied. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person thinks that others is getting lazy, he wants to get PersonY to work harder. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person turns out to be normal, he has a normal life as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person and others listens to music, he and PersonY enjoy the music as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person looks for it online, he will feel interested. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person finally connects with others, he gets to know PersonY better as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person signs up for therapy, he will feel motivated. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person gets ready quickly in order to be ready for the day. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person speaks to her mother on the phone in order to keep in touch with her mother. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person studies dancing in order to be good at dancing. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is well-groomed, he will feel handsome. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person gives an informative talk in order to share his knowledge. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person feels in control, he is more confident as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person jogs around the block, he will feel fit. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person gets in touch with her emotions, he wants to express her feelings. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is the center of attention, he will feel important. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person tends the garden, he has a healthy garden as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person finds a meaningful occupation, he will feel satisfied. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person suffers from pain, he will feel miserable. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person feels exhausted, he wants to sleep. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is guided by her faith, he will feel peaceful. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person receives the text, he reads the text as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person tells the whole class in order to share his experience. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person and others attend a dance, he and PersonY have fun as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has trouble with something, he wants to know what is wrong. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person speaks with others about it in order to tell PersonY about it. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is made to feel welcome, he is happy as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person discovers a wonderful place, he will feel content. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person likes to jog, he will feel energized. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person buys what she needs, he will feel satisfied. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person takes a quick shower, he is clean as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person realizes that others needs help, he does something nice for PersonY as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person hears the good news, he is happy as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person and others go to the ball game, he and PersonY have a good time as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person shops for a new car, he will feel pleased. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person hears a noise in the night, he gets up to investigate as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person buys an item, he will feel pleased. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person resigns from his work in order to pursue his own goals. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is completely baffled, he will feel frustrated. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person accepts an invitation from others, he wants to spend time with PersonY. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person arranges a surprise for others, he will feel pleased. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person leaves the town in order to be independent. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person gets a checkup in order to know if he is healthy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person asks the audience for help, he will feel supported. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person eats supper, he will feel full. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person gets his act together, he will feel relaxed. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person tells others that the fish is good, he will feel satisfied. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person hangs out with others, he and PersonY become friends as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person enjoys the sunrise, he will feel content. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person decides to see a therapist in order to be better. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person goes to her parents' house in order to spend time with her family. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person overcomes others's objections, he will feel victorious. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person runs over to others’s house, he wants to talk to PersonY. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person lives by a schedule, he will feel organized. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person maintains a steady gaze, he will feel focused. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person makes a phone call on others's phone in order to speak to PersonY. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person begins therapy, he feels better as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person enjoys being on time, he is a punctual person as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person works on a homework assignment, he wants to finish the assignment. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person cleans the place up, he will feel organized. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person takes part in a celebration, he will feel energized. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person bought a new car, he will feel happy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person gets a hug from others, he feels loved as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person delivers a brilliant speech, he will feel pleased. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person finds it offensive, he is angry as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person looks at a new car, he will feel interested. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person struggles with life, he will feel defeated. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person worries that personY might not know, he wants to know. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person visits a science museum, he will feel interested. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is diagnosed, he takes medication as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person felt sick, he wants to feel better. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person plays at a party, he will feel entertained. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person reads the computer science journal, he will feel curious. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person had a bad experience, he is upset as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person volunteers at a homeless shelter, he will feel compassionate. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person begins to apply his knowledge, he learns more as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person meets others's needs in order to make PersonY happy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person and others think about raising a child, he will feel interested. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is not satisfied, he wants to do better. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person uses his money wisely, he is happy as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person spends his time wisely, he will feel pleased. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person gives the presentation, he is seen as persuasive. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person enjoys himself at a party, he will feel content. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person lives a full life, he will feel happy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person takes a painting class in order to improve her skills. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person meets another adult, he gets to know the adult as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person becomes friends with kids at school, he will feel happy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person acquires a new car, he will feel happy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person cleans everything thoroughly in order to make sure everything is clean. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person helps out some friends, he will feel useful. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person believes in the cause, he wants to get involved. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person rests on a park bench, he will feel relaxed. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person finishes it, he will feel accomplished. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person gains favor, he will feel happy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person meets with his father in order to know his father. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person gets help, he is happy as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person and others are having a drink, he and PersonY are drunk as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person has ordered food in order to be able to eat. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person buys her own camera, he will feel independent. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person faces a tragic past, he will feel saddened. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person finally visits his mother in order to be close to his mother. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person learns from his mistakes, he will feel wise. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person realises how valuable others's advice is, he wants to learn from PersonY. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person goes back to a rural setting in order to be back in nature. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person dresses up for an occasion, he will feel attractive. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person takes care of self, he will feel confident. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person goes to a political meeting in order to be involved in politics. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has an exciting experience, he is happy as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person fixes the issue, he will feel competent. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person finally finds work, he will feel happy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has a nice scene, he will feel satisfied. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person ends up alone, he is lonely as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person knows a lot about cooking, he is good at cooking as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person realizes the elephant is missing, he wants to find the elephant. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person forms a close relationship, he feels happy as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person and others are both working in order to be productive and PersonY wants to be productive. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has a productive day, he is pleased with his day as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person applies to a college, he will feel hopeful. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person plans to visit others in order to be with PersonY. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person helps his neighbor in order to be a good neighbor. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person buys his daughter something special, he will feel proud. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person realizes he has a problem, he seeks help as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person makes others's situation better, he makes PersonY happy as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person plays a new sport, he will feel motivated. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person begins to argue with others, he is angry with PersonY as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person agrees with her friend, he will feel satisfied. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has survived all the perils, he is a winner as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person regrets having done something, he wants to do something different. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person meets others’s wishes in order to please PersonY. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person opens an old textbook, he reads a chapter as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person resolves the issue, he will feel satisfied. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has a gift delivered, he will feel delighted. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person does not enjoy it, he does not do it again as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person thinks about the real incident, he wants to remember the incident. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person takes up writing, he will feel motivated. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is going to prove himself, he is confident as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is very kind to some people, he is thanked by some people as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person checks if something is true in order to know the truth. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person ponders the important question, he will feel thoughtful. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person clears things up, he will feel confident. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person advertises his business, he wants to get more customers. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has a quick bath, he feels refreshed as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person does another job, he will feel productive. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person had some information, he will feel enlightened. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has a really good life, he will feel happy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person invites others to dine in order to spend time with PersonY. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person chews on an apple, he will feel content. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person speaks to family, he will feel close. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person goes to visit the doctor in order to feel better. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person fears others's decision, he will feel anxious. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person jogs around the block, he will feel fit. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person confronts others about her lies, he wants to make PersonY tell the truth. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is injured in a car accident, he is taken to the hospital as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is willing to obey the regulations, he wants to be a good citizen. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person questions the source, he wants to find out the truth. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person arranges a nice vacation, he will feel excited. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person eats something delicious, he will feel satisfied. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person trains every day in order to be fit. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person decided to take up swimming, he wants to be a good swimmer. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person feels appreciated, he feels good about himself as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person is washing the car in order to keep the car clean. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person joins in with others's plans, he becomes a team player as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is curious about others's friends, he wants to meet PersonY's friends. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person brings down the enemy, he will feel victorious. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person celebrates with wine, he will feel relaxed. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person moves toward his destiny, he wants to do what he is supposed to do. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person writes to the man she loves in order to tell the man she loves how she feels. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person worries about future consequences, he wants to avoid those consequences. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person calls people he knows in order to be in touch with people. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is now an adult, he is a responsible adult as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person offers to do a good turn for others, he will feel good. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person helps others to think clearly, he helps PersonY to solve a problem as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person wins a prize at work, he will feel pleased. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person shows others a novel in order to show PersonY a good book. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person wants to be a good host, he wants to entertain his guests. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person finally sees a counselor in order to deal with his problems. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person doesn't want to seem violent, he doesn't hit anyone as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has a successful transaction, he is seen as good at business. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person convinces others to change his mind, he will feel pleased. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person goes to school for a degree, he will feel motivated. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person wrote to others in order to keep in touch with PersonY. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is appointed to the job, he will feel pleased. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has a summer day, he will feel content. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person likes reading a book, he will feel content. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person studies to pass the exam, he will feel determined. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person finally finds a solution, he will feel triumphant. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person helps others lose weight in order to help PersonY be healthy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person's foot started to bleed, he will feel in pain. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person tries to explain some things, he wants to tell the truth. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person notices that something has changed, he wants to find out what has changed. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person completes a homework assignment, he will feel happy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person checks out the website, he will feel curious. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person finally does something nice for others, he is thanked by PersonY as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person reads others's bio, he learns more about PersonY as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person owes a debt, he will feel guilty. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person gets more cautious in order to avoid any mistakes. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has a personal mission, he wants to finish his mission. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person buys a fancy car, he will feel pleased. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person shows an interest in the matter, he wants to learn more. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person learns how to bowl, he becomes a better bowler as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person finds it extremely pleasurable, he wants to keep doing it. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person enacts a plan, he will feel determined. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person walks to others's home, he wants to see PersonY. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person tells others a nice story, he is seen as a good storyteller. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person reads the script in order to understand the plot. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person successfully fights others, he will feel triumphant. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person tries harder to talk in order to be more social. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person and others go for a date, he wants to be with PersonY. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person reads about the case, he will feel interested. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person enjoys a hike, he will feel refreshed. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is good at cooking, he will feel good. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person continues to learn, he becomes a better learner as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person dances the tango, he will feel excited. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person becomes aware of a problem, he resolves the problem as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has found a job, he will feel confident. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person buys a guitar in order to play the guitar. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person becomes more productive, he will feel pleased. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person tries to get others alone in order to have a conversation with PersonY. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has gotten up early in the morning, he will feel energetic. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is an industrious student, he gets good grades as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person fears that he will be blamed, he wants to be sure that he is not to blame. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person gets into bed with others, he will feel intimate. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has her car vandalized, he wants to have her car fixed. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person wants to save the environment, he wants to be a conservationist. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person goes to check on a rumor in order to be sure that the rumor is true. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person visits others's relatives in order to spend time with PersonY's family. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person organizes the fundraising campaign, he raises money for the charity as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person experiences a strange noise, he wants to investigate. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person looks for more stories, he is inspired by stories as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is shot at by an irate woman, he is injured as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person grabs a drink with friends, he has a good time as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person talks to a sympathetic ear, he will feel understood. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person imagines himself being killed, he will feel terrified. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person reads a book at bedtime, he will feel calm. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person sees someone in need, he helps the person as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person tries to do something nice in order to make a good impression. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has a stable job, he will feel safe. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person and others tries to learn each other, he wants to know PersonY better. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person takes good care of himself, he gets healthier as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person celebrates a holiday with friends, he has a good time as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person emails others in order to stay in touch with PersonY. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person will be attending a concert in order to enjoy the concert. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person doesn't know what to do with others, he will feel uncertain. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person takes care of business, he will feel successful. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person finds a secluded spot, he will feel peaceful. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person tries to talk things over, he will feel open. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person sings with friends, he feels happy as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person observes something strange, he wants to investigate. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person accuses others of stealing his car, he wants to have his car back. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person tries to resist temptation in order to stay strong. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person eats a bowl of soup, he will feel full. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person helps others finish the job, he will feel useful. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person puts his clothes on in order to look presentable. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person continues to read about that in order to learn more about that. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person picks up some extra work, he wants to make more money. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person asks the first question in order to get the answers. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person gets to stay, he is happy as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person enjoys a hike, he will feel refreshed. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person spends a lot of time meditating, he is calmer as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person tries to read for pleasure, he will feel relaxed. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person talks about past events, he will feel nostalgic. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person helps his mother with dinner in order to be helpful. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is tired of the situation, he wants to be free. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person prepares to do battle in order to be ready for a challenge. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person practices improvisation, he improves his skills as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person teaches himself to draw in order to be creative. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has won the match, he will feel pleased. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person gets accepted to a prestigious university, he will feel thrilled. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person gets a record contract, he will feel happy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person continues drinking, he is intoxicated as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person keeps wishing that the waiting would be over, he will feel anxious. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person finds an old picture, he wants to look at the picture. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person gets tired of dealing with it, he stops dealing with it as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person tries to be strong, he will feel determined. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person explores the subject, he wants to understand. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person prepares for the adventure, he will feel excited. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person owns up to others in order to be honest. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person starts taking computer science, he gains skills as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person's life improves, he will feel joyful. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person gets the upper hand, he will feel pleased. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person gets the groceries, he will feel satisfied. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person develops sympathy for others, he wants to help PersonY. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person dislikes a psychologist, he wants to avoid the psychologist. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person gets the prize, he is happy as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person drives to the playground, he plays with the kids as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person meets with others's father in order to talk to PersonY's father. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has caught the thief, he will feel victorious. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has a successful transaction, he is seen as good at business. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person owns his own house, he will feel independent. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person makes a firm statement, he will feel strong. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person investigates the neighbour’s past, he will feel concerned. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has found what he is looking for, he will feel happy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person accidentally gets run over, he is injured as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person realizes it was a bad thing, he regrets his action as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person studies the reading material, he will feel interested. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person works out at the gym, he will feel energized. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person goes home and rests, he is refreshed as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person sends a romantic note to others in order to make PersonY happy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person takes on an initiative, he wants to be an independent thinker. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person follows his logic, he will feel wise. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person undergoes a great loss, he is devastated as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person visits an interesting new place, he has a good time as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person notices something is not right, he wants to investigate. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person enjoys nature, he will feel content. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person suspects that others is out to get him, he wants to find out what PersonY is up to. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person buys some items at the store, he has a good shopping experience as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person discovered that others was stealing, he wants to stop PersonY from stealing. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person resists his mother in order to be independent. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person starts her homework, he will feel motivated. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person overcomes a trial, he will feel triumphant. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person and others tell each other a story, he and PersonY have a good time as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person knows not to lie, he wants to tell the truth. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person agrees to go for a walk, he will feel calm. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person's job is on the line, he will feel worried. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person gets scolded for it, he is made to apologize as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person works in peace in order to avoid conflict. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person decides to leave his house in order to be independent. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person detests others, he wants to avoid PersonY. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person splashes around in the bathtub, he will feel refreshed. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person turns over new leaf, he is a better person as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person observes the scene in order to understand the situation. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person reads articles and books in order to learn. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has a great meal, he will feel content. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person examines others in order to understand PersonY better. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person wants to appear reasonable, he acts more calmly as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is confused about the assignment, he will feel anxious. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person practices self-control, he is able to stay focused as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has a better time, he will feel happy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person consults others's dad in order to get advice from PersonY's dad. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person sets up new home stereo in order to have a better sound system. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person sleeps soundly, he will feel relaxed. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person and others buy a new car, he and PersonY are happy as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person pays attention to the speaker in order to understand the speaker. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person visits an exhibition, he will feel interested. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person just can’t take it any more, he wants to give up. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person receives closure, he will feel content. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is more careful, he will feel responsible. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person welcomes the challenge, he wants to learn more. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person pays a social call, he wants to see his friends. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has turned his life around, he is happy as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person likes to relax, he will feel refreshed. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person goes back to his old self, he will feel happy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person finds something unacceptable, he gets angry as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person delivers his message in order to get his message across. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person appreciates all the work others does, he likes PersonY as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person finds himself in a dangerous situation, he wants to get out of there. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has work to do, he will feel stressed. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person makes a successful defense, he will feel confident. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person and others stay together for many years, he and PersonY are happy as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person realizes his guilt, he will feel ashamed. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person realizes that others needs help, he does something nice for PersonY as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person arranges a nice vacation, he will feel happy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person considers a way out, he wants to be free. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person places an order at a restaurant in order to be able to eat. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person puts a notice up in order to inform the community. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person finally realizes he made a mistake, he wants to fix it. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has the best job, he will feel happy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person performs a striptease for others, he is complimented by PersonY as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person builds up business success, he earns a lot of money as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person creates her own business in order to be self sufficient. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person's mom is in the hospital, he is worried about his mom as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person finds some time to read, he enjoys reading as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person checks out others's new car, he admires the car as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person considers his mistakes, he will feel self-critical. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person talks to the media, he gets publicity as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person drinks something, he will feel drunk. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person was disappointed with himself, he will feel ashamed. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person prepares a good supper, he will feel happy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person informs the people in order to make the people aware of the situation. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person does her chores, he will feel accomplished. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person leaves to start a new business in order to be self sufficient. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person dances on a stage, he will feel joyful. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person serves in order to be of service to others. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person finds a new apartment, he is happy as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has a good lawyer, he will feel satisfied. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person goes to see a counselor, he is able to discuss his problems as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has moved to the country, he has a rural lifestyle as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person spends more time with others, he is closer to PersonY as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person takes part in a journey, he will feel challenged. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person gains a great opportunity, he wants to use the opportunity. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person fills up the glass in order to make sure the glass is full. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person comes to an understanding, he will feel satisfied. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person goes on a long vacation, he will feel happy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person teaches others about his art in order to show PersonY his talent. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person buys something for the party in order to make the party special. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person thinks she is being stalked, he wants to find out who is stalking her. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person started a business, he makes money as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person attempts to fix a bike in order to make the bike rideable. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person meets a new student, he gets to know the student as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person becomes frustrated, he loses his temper as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person starts to think about leaving in order to be free. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person investigates a school shooting, he wants to solve the case. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person enjoys reading French literature, he will feel inspired. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person feels great passion for his new career, he wants to continue working in his new career. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is learning to drive, he wants to be a driver. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person learns a sport, he wants to play the sport. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person tries hard to meet others's standards, he wants to be accepted by PersonY. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person supports others's new idea, he wants to see PersonY succeed. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person gets a good bargain, he is happy as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is cheated by a swindler, he is upset as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person can't pay the bills, he wants to borrow money. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has just returned from holiday, he wants to relax. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person begins to pray, he wants to be more spiritual. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person receives kindness from others, he is grateful to PersonY as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person complains about the flies, he wants to get rid of the flies. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person tries to describe in order to share his experience. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person goes on an interview in order to get a job. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person and others get in a quarrel, he and PersonY are not friends as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person helps out at others's shop in order to be helpful. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person decides to do something positive, he feels better as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person flounders around, he will feel hopeless. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person does some digging, he wants to get to the bottom of things. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person did not enjoy his date with others, he does not go out with PersonY again as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person learns how to ride, he becomes a good rider as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person continues her education in order to be a good student. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person cleans his house in order to be tidy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person decides to see a therapist in order to work through her problems. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person looks up things online, he will feel knowledgeable. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person is taking a rest in order to be relaxed. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person takes great care in order to make sure he is healthy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has a successful meeting, he will feel pleased. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person pleases the King, he is rewarded as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person thinks that others is right, he decides to do what PersonY says as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person appears on the cover of magazines, he is famous as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person keeps trying, he will feel motivated. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person goes into therapy in order to get better. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person takes part in a rally in order to be a part of a movement. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person returns to her parents' home in order to be with her family. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person helps others with her French homework in order to help PersonY. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person tries to read in order to improve her reading skills. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person considers making small talk in order to be sociable. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person's car overheats, he wants to take it to the shop. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person reconciles with Courtney, he will feel peaceful. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person is on a one-person mission in order to do something by herself. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person caresses others's skin in order to comfort PersonY. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person is going to see someone about an injury in order to be treated. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person gains respect, he will feel happy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person decides to do something else in order to be different. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person trains intensely in order to be a good athlete. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person puts together the advertising campaign in order to create a successful campaign. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person convinces others to do something, he will feel satisfied. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person practices target shooting in order to improve his skills. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person decides to begin martial arts training, he wants to become a fighter. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person takes a chance on others, he learns to trust PersonY as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person goes in a different direction in order to explore a new path. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person learns to rely on himself, he will feel self-confident. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is not sure of the way to go, he will feel confused. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person picks up a packet, he wants to read the packet. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person decides to settle down in order to be a family man. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person makes plans for future, he has a good future as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person sees something interesting, he wants to investigate. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is engaged to be married, he will feel excited. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person takes the kids out for a ride in order to spend time with the kids. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is in the wrong, he will feel guilty. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person dedicates her life to God, he will feel at peace. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is in motion, he will feel energetic. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person takes his pet to the doctor in order to make sure his pet is healthy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person regrets his or her decision, he wants to change his or her decision. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person takes steps to facilitate in order to get things done. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person opens its browser in order to surf the web. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person ends up with the job, he will feel happy. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person plans the journey in order to see the world. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person and others are on vacation in order to relax and PersonY wants to have fun. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person will ask others in order to get PersonY's opinion. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person asks the friend for help, he will feel supported. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person likes her father, he is close to her father as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person hopes to return home soon in order to see his family. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person wins the award, he is praised by his peers as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person and others buy tickets to a music concert, he and PersonY are excited about the concert as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person trains 4 times a day, he is seen as disciplined. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person gets into a brawl, he will feel enraged. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person makes a trip to the store, he gets groceries as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person fears the world is getting worse, he will feel pessimistic. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is an expert in the field, he will feel confident. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has a hectic schedule, he will feel overwhelmed. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person gets tired of it, he wants to stop. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person rushes off to the airport in order to be ready for a trip. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person performs a public service, he is thanked by the public as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is unhappy with the present situation, he wants to change the situation. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person negotiates a peace, he will feel peaceful. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person takes a wife in order to have a family. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person tells it to everyone, he is seen as confident. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person measures a room in order to make sure the room is the right size. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has a physical ailment, he wants to see a doctor. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person begins to reflect on subject X, he gains insight into subject X as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person thinks about moving away in order to start a new life. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person watched tv, he will feel entertained. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person finishes a meal, he will feel full. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person proves himself correct, he will feel satisfied. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person has a strong liking for others, he wants to be with PersonY. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is a successful manipulator, he will feel satisfied. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person goes through the article, he will feel curious. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person examines the cause, he finds the problem as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person informs the public, he is seen as honest. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person sees a fine display, he will feel satisfied. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person travels back to school in order to finish her education. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
A person makes a phone call for others in order to help PersonY. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person is alone again, he is lonely as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.
If a person tries to keep her wits about her, he doesn’t get lost as a result. In which country did this event happen, the United States, China, India, or Germany? Explain why.